Bulls vs Nuggets
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Bucks
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Lakers
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Jazz
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Suns
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Bobcats
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Sonics
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Hawks
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Wizards
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Grizzlies
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Pistons
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Cavaliers
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Warriors
Bulls wins
Bulls vs Nets
Bulls wins
Bulls vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Nuggets vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Nuggets vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Nuggets vs Lakers
Nuggets wins
Nuggets vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Nuggets vs Suns
Nuggets wins
Nuggets vs Bobcats
Nuggets wins
Nuggets vs Sonics
Nuggets wins
Nuggets vs Hawks
Hawks wins
Nuggets vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Nuggets vs Grizzlies
Nuggets wins
Nuggets vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Nuggets vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Nuggets vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Nuggets vs Nets
Nets wins
Nuggets vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Bucks vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Bucks vs Nuggets
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Bucks vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Bucks vs Suns
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Bobcats
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Sonics
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Hawks
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Wizards
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Grizzlies
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Bucks vs Cavaliers
Bucks wins
Bucks vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Bucks vs Nets
Nets wins
Bucks vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Lakers vs Bulls
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Nuggets
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Bucks
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Jazz
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Suns
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Bobcats
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Sonics
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Hawks
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Wizards
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Grizzlies
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Pistons
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Cavaliers
Lakers wins
Lakers vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Lakers vs Nets
Lakers wins
Lakers vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Jazz vs Bulls
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Nuggets
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Bucks
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Lakers
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Suns
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Bobcats
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Sonics
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Hawks
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Wizards
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Grizzlies
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Pistons
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Cavaliers
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Warriors
Jazz wins
Jazz vs Nets
Jazz wins
Jazz vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Suns vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Suns vs Nuggets
Nuggets wins
Suns vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Suns vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Suns vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Suns vs Bobcats
Bobcats wins
Suns vs Sonics
Sonics wins
Suns vs Hawks
Hawks wins
Suns vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Suns vs Grizzlies
Grizzlies wins
Suns vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Suns vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Suns vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Suns vs Nets
Nets wins
Suns vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Bobcats vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Bobcats vs Nuggets
Nuggets wins
Bobcats vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Bobcats vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Bobcats vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Bobcats vs Suns
Bobcats wins
Bobcats vs Sonics
Sonics wins
Bobcats vs Hawks
Hawks wins
Bobcats vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Bobcats vs Grizzlies
Grizzlies wins
Bobcats vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Bobcats vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Bobcats vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Bobcats vs Nets
Nets wins
Bobcats vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Sonics vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Sonics vs Nuggets
Sonics wins
Sonics vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Sonics vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Sonics vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Sonics vs Suns
Sonics wins
Sonics vs Bobcats
Sonics wins
Sonics vs Hawks
Hawks wins
Sonics vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Sonics vs Grizzlies
Grizzlies wins
Sonics vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Sonics vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Sonics vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Sonics vs Nets
Nets wins
Sonics vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Hawks vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Hawks vs Nuggets
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Hawks vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Hawks vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Hawks vs Suns
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Bobcats
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Sonics
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Hawks vs Grizzlies
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Hawks vs Cavaliers
Hawks wins
Hawks vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Hawks vs Nets
Nets wins
Hawks vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Wizards vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Wizards vs Nuggets
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Wizards vs Lakers
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Jazz
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Suns
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Bobcats
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Sonics
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Hawks
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Grizzlies
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Wizards vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Wizards vs Warriors
Wizards wins
Wizards vs Nets
Wizards wins
Wizards vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Grizzlies vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Grizzlies vs Nuggets
Grizzlies wins
Grizzlies vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Grizzlies vs Lakers
Lakers wins
Grizzlies vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Grizzlies vs Suns
Grizzlies wins
Grizzlies vs Bobcats
Grizzlies wins
Grizzlies vs Sonics
Sonics wins
Grizzlies vs Hawks
Hawks wins
Grizzlies vs Wizards
Wizards wins
Grizzlies vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Grizzlies vs Cavaliers
Cavaliers wins
Grizzlies vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Grizzlies vs Nets
Nets wins
Grizzlies vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Pistons vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Pistons vs Nuggets
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Bucks
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Lakers
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Jazz
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Suns
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Bobcats
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Sonics
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Hawks
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Wizards
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Grizzlies
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Cavaliers
Pistons wins
Pistons vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Pistons vs Nets
Pistons wins
Pistons vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Cavaliers vs Bulls
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Nuggets
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Bucks
Bucks wins
Cavaliers vs Lakers
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Jazz
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Suns
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Bobcats
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Sonics
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Hawks
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Wizards
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Grizzlies
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs Pistons
Pistons wins
Cavaliers vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Cavaliers vs Nets
Cavaliers wins
Cavaliers vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Warriors vs Bulls
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Nuggets
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Bucks
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Lakers
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Jazz
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Suns
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Bobcats
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Sonics
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Hawks
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Wizards
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Grizzlies
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Pistons
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Cavaliers
Warriors wins
Warriors vs Nets
Warriors wins
Warriors vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
Nets vs Bulls
Bulls wins
Nets vs Nuggets
Nets wins
Nets vs Bucks
Nets wins
Nets vs Lakers
Nets wins
Nets vs Jazz
Jazz wins
Nets vs Suns
Nets wins
Nets vs Bobcats
Nets wins
Nets vs Sonics
Nets wins
Nets vs Hawks
Nets wins
Nets vs Wizards
Nets wins
Nets vs Grizzlies
Nets wins
Nets vs Pistons
Nets wins
Nets vs Cavaliers
Nets wins
Nets vs Warriors
Warriors wins
Nets vs ataydaloglu
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Bulls
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Nuggets
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Bucks
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Lakers
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Jazz
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Suns
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Bobcats
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Sonics
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Hawks
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Wizards
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Grizzlies
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Pistons
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Cavaliers
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Warriors
ataydaloglu wins
ataydaloglu vs Nets
ataydaloglu wins
